There are a lot of buttons in this package and each of them implements their action performed method. I think this approach has its advantages and disadvantages.

There are two reasons why I like this approach. First, each button class has its own purpose so when implementing the action performed method, only one functionality is needed to be implemented, so the code will not be very complex. Secondly, having a lot of button classes means there will be separate files for each button class, so it is easy to find how a button is implemented. There is no need to search for a specific method or class in a huge file.

The are also disadvantages of using this approach. For starters, every button class must have a PhotoRenamer instance, or else the button cannot be connected to the top program.  Since PhotoRenamer uses a singleton design and all of its variables are private, getters and setters must be used. This increases the code’s complexity and decreases its readability. For instance, to change a certain variable in PhotoRenamer, getters and setters must be involved in every action performed method,  the number of lines of the code will increase. 

An alternative approach is to create these buttons as JButtons in the same class of each frame  or the PhotoRenamer class, and then implement their action performed method in that class or create inner classes. Comparing to the approach above, less classes will be created thus there will be less files in the package. Also, every buttons can access the necessary variables directly instead of using getters and setters. However, using this approach will make the frame classes messy and the code blocks will be very long because there is going to be many buttons. This will make maintenance of the program difficult, especially if the commenting is not done well to separate each button’s part in the action performed method.

In conclusion, I think having many button class is a good idea. This is a clearer way to see each button’s use and every class will have its own action performed method. Although each method will have to use getter and setter methods, in the long term,  it is easier to maintain the program because the programmer will simply have to find the file containing the button class.